projects.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Projects and contributions
---

Here you will find a list of open source contributions that I made and also projects that I did (or helped to build). Sometimes for learning new technologies and sometimes just for fun.

### Personal projects


1. [Chorichannel](http://www.chorichannel.com.ar) - Based on your location, tells you how good is to make a BBQ. Built in NodeJs, MongoDB, ExpressJs. - R.I.P.
2. [Coverboard](https://github.com/Coverboard) - Code Coverage metrics analysis. A Gem to add to your project and a display artifact. Built in RoR.

### Latest Open Source Contributions

1. [Sculejs](https://github.com/dan-eyles/sculejs) - SculeJS (from Minuscule - pronounced skyul) is a fully featured DBMS written in JavaScript that emulates the functionality of MongoDB. It's also much more than that; SculeJS includes implementations of many general purpose data structures that can be used by developers in their day-to-day work.

2. [forecast.io](https://github.com/mateodelnorte/forecast.io) - A simple wrapper for the awesome forecast.io (API: [https://developer.forecast.io/docs/v2](https://developer.forecast.io/docs/v2)) written in NodeJS.

3. [PhpRedis](https://github.com/phpredis/phpredis) - The phpredis extension provides an API for communicating with the Redis key-value store. It is released under the PHP License, version 3.01. This code has been developed and maintained by Owlient from November 2009 to March 2011.

4. [Nominatim](https://github.com/dynmeth/node-nominatim) - Nominatim is a basic nodeJS module to handle geocoding and reverse geocoding via OpenStreetMap (OSM). It attempts to adhere to the Nominatim usage policy.

5. [Coverboard](https://github.com/Coverboard) - Coverage metrics analysis. With two main components, Simplecov-Coverboard is gem that you can add to your RoR project and send metrics to the second component, Coverboard, to display metrics in real time. Developed during Helpling Hackaton 2015.

### And...

You can find more on my [Github account](https://github.com/mazzi).

Commit message:

New open source contributtin (The Coral Project - Talk)

projects.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Projects and contributions
---

Here you will find a list of open source contributions that I made and also projects that I did (or helped to build). Sometimes for learning new technologies and sometimes just for fun.

### Personal projects


1. [Chorichannel](http://www.chorichannel.com.ar) - Based on your location, tells you how good is to make a BBQ. Built in NodeJs, MongoDB, ExpressJs. - R.I.P.
2. [Coverboard](https://github.com/Coverboard) - Code Coverage metrics analysis. A Gem to add to your project and a display artifact. Built in RoR.

### Latest Open Source Contributions

1. [Sculejs](https://github.com/dan-eyles/sculejs) - SculeJS (from Minuscule - pronounced skyul) is a fully featured DBMS written in JavaScript that emulates the functionality of MongoDB. It's also much more than that; SculeJS includes implementations of many general purpose data structures that can be used by developers in their day-to-day work.

2. [forecast.io](https://github.com/mateodelnorte/forecast.io) - A simple wrapper for the awesome forecast.io (API: [https://developer.forecast.io/docs/v2](https://developer.forecast.io/docs/v2)) written in NodeJS.

3. [PhpRedis](https://github.com/phpredis/phpredis) - The phpredis extension provides an API for communicating with the Redis key-value store. It is released under the PHP License, version 3.01. This code has been developed and maintained by Owlient from November 2009 to March 2011.

4. [Nominatim](https://github.com/dynmeth/node-nominatim) - Nominatim is a basic nodeJS module to handle geocoding and reverse geocoding via OpenStreetMap (OSM). It attempts to adhere to the Nominatim usage policy.

5. [Coverboard](https://github.com/Coverboard) - Coverage metrics analysis. With two main components, Simplecov-Coverboard is gem that you can add to your RoR project and send metrics to the second component, Coverboard, to display metrics in real time. Developed during Helpling Hackaton 2015.

6. [The Coral Project](https://github.com/coralproject/talk) - The Coral Project improves community on news sites through open-source software. In particular Talk, that brings a better commenting experience.

### And...

You can find more on my [Github account](https://github.com/mazzi).
